# Colorado MED Rules 2025 - Part 2 of 17

rovisions of an enacted, initiated, or referred ordinance or resolution of 
the local jurisdiction in which the Licensee operates. 
“Retail Marijuana Product” means a product that is comprised of Retail Marijuana and other 
Ingredients and is intended for use or consumption, such as, but not limited to, edible product, 
ointments and tinctures. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 33 
“Retail Marijuana Products Manufacturer” means an entity licensed to purchase Retail Marijuana; 
manufacture, prepare, and package Retail Marijuana Product; and Transfer Retail Marijuana, 
Retail Marijuana Concentrate, and Retail Marijuana Product only to other Retail Marijuana 
Products Manufacturers, Retail Marijuana Stores, Retail Marijuana Hospitality and Sales 
Businesses and Pesticide Manufacturers. Retail Marijuana Products Manufacturer includes 
Accelerator Manufacturers in accordance with section 44-10-608, C.R.S. 
“Retail Marijuana Store” means an entity licensed to purchase Retail Marijuana and Retail 
Marijuana Concentrate from a Retail Marijuana Cultivation Facility and to purchase Retail 
Marijuana Product and Retail Marijuana Concentrate from a Retail Marijuana Products 
Manufacturer, and to Transfer Retail Marijuana to Retail Marijuana Hospitality and Sales 
Businesses and to consumers. Retail Marijuana Store includes Accelerator Stores in accordance 
with section 44-10-611, C.R.S. 
“Retail Marijuana Testing Facility” means an entity licensed to analyze and certify the safety and 
potency of marijuana. 
“Retail Marijuana Transporter” means a Person licensed to transport Retail Marijuana from one 
Retail Marijuana Business to another Retail Marijuana Business or to a Pesticide Manufacturer, 
and to temporarily store the transported Retail Marijuana at its Licensed Premises, but is not 
authorized to sell, give away, buy, or receive complimentary Retail Marijuana under any 
circumstances. A Retail Marijuana Transporter does not include a Licensee that transports and 
distributes its own Retail Marijuana. 
“RFID” means Radio Frequency Identification. 
“Safe Harbor Hemp Product” means a hemp-derived compound or Cannabinoid, whether a 
finished product or in the process of being produced, that is permitted to be manufactured for 
distribution, produced for distribution, packaged for distribution, processed for distribution, 
prepared for distribution, treated for distribution, transported for distribution, or held for distribution 
in Colorado for export from Colorado but that is not permitted to be sold or distributed in 
Colorado. 
“Sample Increment” means a single portion or unit that is removed from a Harvest Batch or 
Production Batch by a Designated Test Batch Collector for the creation of a Test Batch. For 
Harvest Batches, a Sample Increment shall be 500 milligrams of flower or trim. For Regulated 
Marijuana Products, Audited Products, and Alternative Use Products, a Sample Increment shall 
be a single serving of the product as defined by the Medical Marijuana Products Manufacturer or 
RetailRegulated Marijuana Products Manufacturer, but shall contain no more than 10 milligrams 
of aActive THC per serving for Edible Retail Marijuana Products. For Regulated Marijuana 
Concentrate, a Sample Increment shall be 250 milligrams of concentrate. 
“Sample Increment Collection” means the gathering of Sample Increments to combine into a 
larger, composite Test Batch. 
“Sample Plan” means a written, documented plan generated by Designated Test Batch 
Collector(s) in line with the Regulated Marijuana Business' Standard Operating Procedure for 
Sample Increment Collection. 
“Sampling Manager” means an Owner Licensee or management personnel holding an Employee 
Licensee designated by a Medical Marijuana Cultivation Facility, Medical Marijuana Products 
Manufacturer, Retail Marijuana Cultivation Facility, or Retail Marijuana Products Manufacturer to 
receive Transfers of Sampling Units pursuant to Rules 5-230, 5-320, 6-225, and 6-320. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 34 
“Sampling Unit” means a unit of Regulated Marijuana Transferred to a Sampling Manager for 
purposes of quality control and product development pursuant to Rules 5-230 and 5-320, sections 
44-10-502(4) and 44-10-503(10), C.R.S., and Rules 6-225 and 6-320, and sections 44-10-602(6) 
and 44-10-603(10), C.R.S. 
“Security(ies)” means any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, security-based swap, bond, 
debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing 
agreement, collateral-trust certificate, preorganization certificate or subscription, transferable 
share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, fractional 
undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on 
any security, certificate of deposit, or group index of securities (including any interest therein or 
based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a 
national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument 
commonly known as a “security,” or any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or 
interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any 
of the foregoing. 
“Security Alarm System” means a device or series of devices, intended to summon law 
enforcement personnel during, or as a result of, an alarm condition. Devices may include hard-
wired systems and systems interconnected with a radio frequency method such as cellular or 
private radio signals that emit or transmit a remote or local audible, visual, or electronic signal; 
motion detectors, pressure switches, duress alarms (a silent system signal generated by the entry 
of a designated code into the arming station to indicate that the user is disarming under duress); 
panic alarms (an audible system signal to indicate an emergency situation); and hold-up alarms 
(a silent system signal to indicate that a robbery is in progress). 
“Semi-synthetic Cannabinoid” means a substance that is created by a chemical reaction that 
converts one Cannabinoid extracted from a cannabis plant directly into a different Cannabinoid. 
a. Semi-synthetic Cannabinoid includes Cannabinoids, such as cannabinol (CBN) 
that was produced by the conversion of cannabidiol (CBD). 
b. Semi-synthetic Cannabinoid does not include Cannabinoids produced via 
decarboxylation of naturally occurring acidic forms of Cannabinoids, such as 
tetrahydrocannabinolic acid, into the corresponding neutral Cannabinoid, such as 
THC, through the use of heat or light, without the use of chemical reagents or 
catalysts, and that results in no other chemical change. 
“Shell Company” means a registrant, other than an asset-backed issuer as defined in Item 
1101(b) of Regulation AB, that has: 
a. No or nominal operations; and 
b. Either: 
i. No or nominal operations; 
ii. Assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or 
iii. Assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and 
nominal other assets. 
“Shipping Container” means a hard-sided container with a lid or other enclosure that can be 
secured in place. A Shipping Container is used solely for the transport of Regulated Marijuana 
between Regulated Marijuana Businesses or a Pesticide Manufacturer. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 35 
“Single-Serving Edible Retail Marijuana Product” means an Edible Retail Marijuana Product unit 
for sale to consumers containing no more than 10mg of aActive THC. 
“Social Equity Licensee” means a natural person who: 
a. On or before February 1, 2025, submits an application for a finding of suitability 
and meets the criteria established pursuant to section 44-10-308(4), C.R.S.; and 
b. On and after February 1, 2025, submits an application for a finding of suitability 
and meets the criteria established pursuant to section 44-10-308(6), C.R.S. 
A person qualified as a Social Equity Licensee may participate in the accelerator program 
established pursuant to the Marijuana Code or may hold a Regulated Marijuana Business 
License or permit issued pursuant to the Marijuana Code. 
“Solvent-Based Regulated Marijuana Concentrate” means a Regulated Marijuana Concentrate 
that was produced by extracting Cannabinoids from Regulated Marijuana through the use of a 
solvent approved by the Division pursuant to Rule 5-315 and Rule 6-315. “Medical Marijuana” or 
“Retail Marijuana” may be substituted for “Regulated Marijuana” when referring exclusively to 
either Solvent-Based Medical Marijuana Concentrate or Solvent-Based Retail Marijuana 
Concentrate. 
“Standardized Graphic Symbol” means a graphic image or small design adopted by a Licensee to 
identify its business. 
“Standardized Serving of Marijuana” means a standardized single serving of aActive THC in 
Retail Marijuana. The size of a Standardized Serving of Marijuana shall be no more than 10mg of 
aActive THC. 
“Standard Operating Procedure” (SOP) means a written document detailing instructions for the 
methods required to be followed for the routine performance of operations, analysis, or tasks. An 
SOP must include a clear and unique title, a purpose explaining the reason for the SOP and its 
scope. It must list all materials and equipment required to complete the procedure and provide 
definitions for any ambiguous, unclear or abbreviated terms. It must also delegate responsibilities 
by specifying individuals or job titles responsible for overseeing and completing the procedure. 
The procedure section must be a detailed step-by-step instruction dictating how and when an 
operation is routinely performed. Health and safety guidelines or protocols must be outlined. Any 
additional documents, forms, or references needed to complete the task or used to create the 
task must be included in an appendix or reference section. The SOP must also document all 
revisions and updates. 
“State Licensing Authority” means the authority created for the purpose of regulating and 
controlling the licensing of the cultivation, manufacture, distribution, sale, and testing of Regulated 
Marijuana in Colorado, pursuant to section 44-10-201, C.R.S. 
“Synthetic Cannabinoid” means a Cannabinoid-like compound that was produced by using 
chemical synthesis, chemical modification, or chemical conversion, including by using in-vitro 
biosynthesis or other bioconversion of such a method. 
a. Synthetic Cannabinoid does not include: 
i. A compound produced through the decarboxylation of naturally occurring 
Cannabinoids from their acidic forms; or 
ii. A semi-synthetic Cannabinoid. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 36 
“Target Potency” means the potency that a MedicalRegulated Marijuana Products Manufacturer 
intends for an individual MedicalRegulated Marijuana Product, or a Retail Marijuana Products 
Manufacturer intends for an individual Retail Marijuana Product, prior to testing, which is also 
outlined in the Licensee’s Standard Operating Procedures. 
“Temporary Appointee Registration” means a registration issued to a Court Appointee pursuant to 
section 44-10-401(3)(a), C.R.S. 
“THCA” means tetrahydrocannabinolic acid. 
“THC” means tetrahydrocannabinol. 
“Test Batch” means a group of Sample Increments that are derived from a single Harvest Batch, 
Production Batch, or Inventory Tracking System package, and that are collectively submitted to a 
Regulated Marijuana Testing Facility for testing purposes. 
“Total CBD” means the sum of the percentage by weight of CBDA multiplied by 0.877 plus the 
percentage by weight of CBD i.e., Total CBD= (%CBDA x 0.877) + %CBD. 
“Total THC” means the following: 
The sum of the percentage by weight of Delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinolic acid (D9-THCA) 
multiplied by 0.877, 
Plus the percentage by weight of Delta-8-tetrahydrocannabinol (D8-THC), 
Plus the percentage by weight of Delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (D9-THC), 
Plus the percentage by weight of Exo-tetrahydrocannabinol (Exo-THC), 
Plus the percentage by weight of Delta-10-tetrahydrocannabinol (D10-THC). 
i.e. Total THC = (% D9-THCA * 0.877) + % D8-THC + % D9-THC + % Exo-THC + % 
D10-THC. 
“Transfer(s)(ed)(ing)” means to grant, convey, hand over, assign, sell, exchange, donate, or 
barter, in any manner or by any means, with or without consideration, any Regulated Marijuana 
from one Licensee to another Licensee, to a patient, to a consumer, or to any other permitted 
Persons. A Transfer includes the movement of Regulated Marijuana from one Licensed Premises 
to another, even if both premises are contiguous, and even if both premises are owned by a 
single entity or individual or group of individuals and also includes a virtual Transfer that is 
reflected in the Inventory Tracking System, even if no physical movement of the Regulated 
Marijuana occurs. 
“Unified Application” means a single initial or renewal application submitted for more than one 
Regulated Marijuana Business License. 
“Universal Symbol” means the image established by the Division and made available to 
Licensees through the Division’s website indicating the Regulated Marijuana contains marijuana. 
“Unrecognizable” means Regulated Marijuana that has been rendered indistinguishable from any 
other plant material. 
“U.S. Person” means: 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 37 
a. Any natural person resident in the United States; 
b. Any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the 
United States; 
c. Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. natural person; 
d. Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. natural person; 
e. Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
f. Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) 
held by a dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. natural 
person; 
g. Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held 
by a dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if a natural person) 
resident in the United States; and 
h. Any partnership or corporation if: 
i. Organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
ii. Formed by a U.S. natural person principally for the purpose of investing 
in Owner’s Interests not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, 
unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited 
investors (as defined in § 230.501(a)) who are not natural persons, 
estates or trusts. 
“Vaporizer Delivery Device” means inhalable Regulated Marijuana Concentrate, which may be 
comprised of other Ingredients inside a device that uses a heating element to create a vapor 
including, but not limited to, vaporizer cartridges and vaporizer pens. 
“Vegetative” means the state of the cannabis plant after it is an Immature Plant but before it is 
Flowering. During this phase, the plant is typically developing roots, stems, stalks, and leaves, 
and is not producing flowers or seeds. 
Basis and Purpose – 1-120 
The statutory authority for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 24-4-105(11) and 44-10-201, 
C.R.S. The purpose of this rule is to establish a system by which a Licensee may request the Division to 
issue a formal statement of position and, subsequently, petition the State Licensing Authority for a 
declaratory order. Typically, a position statement or declaratory order would address matters that are 
likely to be applicable to other Licensees. The approach is similar to that utilized by other divisions within 
the Department of Revenue. This Rule 1-120 was previously Rules M and R 104, 1 CCR 212-1 and 1 
CCR 212-2. 
1-120 – Declaratory Orders Concerning the Marijuana Code 
A. Who May Request a Statement of Position. Any person as defined in section 24-4-102(12), 
C.R.S., may request the Division to issue a statement of position concerning the applicability to 
the petitioner of any provision of the Marijuana Code, or any regulation of the State Licensing 
Authority. The request must include the information set forth in subparagraphs (C.5)(1) through 
(C.5)(6) of this Rule. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 38 
B. Division Response. The Division will determine, in its sound discretion, whether to respond with a 
written statement of position. Following receipt of a proper request, the Division will respond by 
issuing a written statement of position or by declining to issue such a statement. 
C. Petition for Declaratory Order. Any person who has properly requested a statement of position, 
and who is dissatisfied with the Division’s response, may petition the State Licensing Authority for 
a declaratory order pursuant to section 24-4-105(11), C.R.S. The petition shall be filed within 30 
days of the Division’s response, or may be filed at any time before the Division’s response if the 
Division has not responded within 60 days of receiving a proper request for a statement of 
position. 
C.5. Requirements for a Request for Statement of Position or a Petition for a Declaratory Order. Each 
request for a statement of position or petition for a declaratory order shall set forth the following 
information: 
1. The name and address of the petitioner. 
2. Whether the petitioner is licensed pursuant to the Marijuana Code, and if so, the type of 
license and address of the Licensed Premises. 
3. Whether the petitioner is involved in any litigation, including any pending administrative 
hearings with the State Licensing Authority or relevant Local Jurisdiction. 
4. The statute, rule, or order to which the petition relates. 
5. A concise statement of all of the facts necessary to show the nature of the controversy or 
the uncertainty as to the applicability to the petitioner of the statute, rule, or order to which 
the petition relates. 
6. A concise statement of the legal authorities, if any, and such other reasons upon which 
petitioner relies. 
7. For a petition for a declaratory order, a concise statement of the declaratory order sought 
by the petitioner. 
D. State Licensing Authority Retains Discretion Whether to Entertain Petition. The State Licensing 
Authority will determine, in its discretion without prior notice to the petitioner, whether to entertain 
any petition. If the State Licensing Authority decides it will not entertain a petition, it shall notify 
the petitioner in writing of its decision and the reasons for that decision. Any of the following 
grounds may be sufficient reason to refuse to entertain a petition: 
1. The petitioner failed to properly request a statement of position from the Division, or the 
petition for declaratory order was filed with the State Licensing Authority more than 30 
days after the Division’s response to the request for a statement of position. 
2. A ruling on the petition will not terminate the controversy nor remove uncertainties 
concerning the applicability to petitioner of the statute, rule, or order in question. 
3. The petition involves a subject, question or issue that is relevant to a pending hearing 
before the state or any Local Licensing Authority, an on-going investigation conducted by 
the Division, or a written complaint previously filed with the State Licensing Authority. 
4. The petition seeks a ruling on a moot or hypothetical question. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 39 
5. Petitioner has some other adequate legal remedy, other than an action for declaratory 
relief pursuant to Colo. R. Civ. Pro. 57, which will terminate the controversy or remove 
any uncertainty concerning applicability of the statute, rule, or order. 
E. State Licensing Authority May Adopt Division Position Statement. The State Licensing Authority 
may adopt the Division Position Statement as a Final Agency Order subject to judicial review 
pursuant to section 24-4-106, C.R.S. 
F. If State Licensing Authority Entertains Petition. If the State Licensing Authority determines that it 
will entertain the petition for declaratory order, it shall so notify the petitioner within 30 days, and 
any of the following procedures may apply: 
1. The State Licensing Authority may expedite the matter by ruling on the basis of the facts 
and legal authority presented in the petition, or by requesting the petitioner or the Division 
to submit additional evidence and legal argument in writing. 
2. In the event the State Licensing Authority determines that an evidentiary hearing is 
necessary to a ruling on the petition, a hearing shall be conducted in accordance with 
Rules 8-220 – Administrative Hearings, 8-225 – Administrative Subpoenas, and 8-230 – 
Administrative Hearing Appeals. The petitioner will be identified as Respondent. 
3. The parties to any proceeding pursuant to this Rule shall be the petitioner/Respondent 
and the Division. Any other interested person may seek leave of the State Licensing 
Authority to intervene in the proceeding and such leave may be granted if the State 
Licensing Authority determines that such intervention will make unnecessary a separate 
petition for declaratory order by the interested person. 
4. The declaratory order shall constitute a Final Agency Order subject to judicial review 
pursuant to section 24-4-106, C.R.S. 
G. Public Inspection. Files of all requests, petitions, statements of position, and declaratory orders 
will be maintained by the Division. Except with respect to any material required by law to be kept 
confidential, such files shall be available for public inspection. 
H. Posted on Website. The Division shall post a copy of all statements of position and all declaratory 
orders on the Division’s website. 
Basis and Purpose – 1-125 
The statutory authority for this rule includes but is not limited to section 44-10-202(1)(c), C.R.S. The 
purpose of this rule is to clarify that any reference to days means calendar days. This Rule 1-125 was 
previously Rules M and R 105, 1 CCR 212-1 and 1 CCR 212-2. 
1-125 – Computation of Time 
The word “days” as used in these rules means calendar days. 
Basis and Purpose – 1-130 
The statutory authority for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-202(1)(c) and 44-10-
801(4), C.R.S. The purpose of this rule is to establish the basic fees that must be paid at the time of 
service of any subpoena (including a subpoena for testimony and/or a subpoena duces tecum) upon the 
State Licensing Authority, and for production of documents pursuant to any such subpoena. This rule also 
establishes additional fees for meals, mileage, and each day’s testimony. The service fee is not 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 40 
applicable when a subpoena is served by a governmental agency. This Rule 1-130 was previously Rules 
M and R 106, 1 CCR 212-1 and 1 CCR 212-2. 
1-130 – Subpoena Fees 
A. Required Fees for Subpoenas. The following fees must be paid at the time of service of any 
subpoena on the Division or State Licensing Authority: 
1. Subpoenas for records only (subpoenas duces tecum): 
a. Responsive records - $0.25/page. The Division and State Licensing Authority 
may use discretion when electronic copies are requested. 
b. The Division or State Licensing Authority may charge $30/hour to retrieve and 
review voluminous records. 
2. Subpoenas requiring any Division or State Licensing Authority employee to attend any 
proceeding: 
a. $200/day attendance; 
b. Current state mileage reimbursement fee; and 
c. Current state meal reimbursement fee. 
B. When Subpoena-Related Fees Are Due. 
1. Subpoenas duces tecum fees must be paid before the Division or State Licensing 
Authority will release the records. 
2. All other subpoena-related fees are due at the time of service of the subpoena. 
C. Service Complete Only When Fees Are Paid. The Division or State Licensing Authority will not 
consider service to be complete unless all applicable fees are paid. 
D. State Employees and Private Litigation. Division and State Licensing Authority employees will not 
serve as expert witnesses in private litigation. In addition, the Division and State Licensing 
Authority may move to quash any subpoena that seeks fact testimony from Division or State 
Licensing Authority employees in private litigation. 
E. Not Applicable to Government-Issued Subpoenas. This Rule does not apply to subpoenas issued 
by any governmental agency. 
Basis and Purpose – 1-135 
The statutory authority for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-202(1)(c), 44-10-203(1)(f), 
44-10-203(1)(g), and 44-10-301, C.R.S. This rule gives general instructions regarding Regulated 
Marijuana Business administrative matters to local jurisdictions and clarifies for such entities what the 
Division and State Licensing Authority will do in certain instances. The rule also reaffirms that local law 
enforcement’s authority to investigate and take any necessary action with regard to Regulated Marijuana 
Businesses remains unaffected by the Marijuana Code or any rules promulgated pursuant to it. This Rule 
1-135 was previously Rules M and R 1401(A) through (D), 1 CCR 212-1 and 1 CCR 212-2. 
1-135 – Instructions for Local Licensing Authorities and Local Jurisdictions 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 41 
A. Division Protocol for Regulated Marijuana Businesses. 
1. The Division shall forward a copy of all new Regulated Marijuana Business applications 
to the relevant Local Licensing Authority or Local Jurisdiction. 
2. The Division shall forward half of the total application fee with the copy of the Retail 
Marijuana Business application to the relevant Local Jurisdiction. 
3. The Division shall notify the relevant Local Licensing Authority or Local Jurisdiction when 
an application for a Regulated Marijuana Business is either approved or denied. This 
includes new business applications, renewal business applications, change of location 
applications, change of owner applications, premises modification applications, and off-
premises storage permit applications. 
4. Conditioned on Local Approval. Any License issued or renewed by the Division for a 
Regulated Marijuana Business shall be conditioned upon relevant Local Licensing 
Authority or Local Jurisdiction approval of the application. 
B. Local Licensing Authority/Local Jurisdiction Protocol for Regulated Marijuana Businesses. 
1. As soon as practicable, a Local Licensing Authority or Local Jurisdiction that has 
prohibited the operation of a Regulated Marijuana Business License authorized by the 
Marijuana Code shall inform the Division, in writing, of such prohibition and shall include 
a copy of the applicable ordinance or resolution. 
2. If a Local Licensing Authority or Local Jurisdiction will authorize the operation of a 
Regulated Marijuana Business License authorized by the Marijuana Code, it shall inform 
the Division of the local point-of-contact on Regulated Marijuana regulatory matters. The 
Local Jurisdiction shall include, at a minimum, the name of the division or branch of local 
government, the mailing address of that entity, and telephone number. 
3. Local Licensing Authorities or Local Jurisdictions may impose separate local licensing 
requirements related to the time, place, and manner of Regulated Marijuana Businesses, 
and shall otherwise determine if an application meets all those local requirements. 
4. The relevant Local Licensing Authority or Local Jurisdiction shall notify the Division, in 
writing, of whether an application for a Regulated Marijuana Business complies with local 
restrictions and requirements, and whether the application is approved or denied based 
on that review. If a Local Licensing Authority or Local Jurisdiction makes any written 
findings of fact, a copy of those written findings shall be included with the notification. 
C. Local Licensing Authority Inspections. The relevant Local Licensing Authorities or Local 
Jurisdiction and their investigators may inspect Regulated Marijuana Businesses during all 
business hours and other times of apparent activity, for the purpose of inspection or investigation. 
D. Local Licensing Authority Powers. Nothing in these rules shall be construed to limit the authority 
of Local Licensing Authorities or Local Jurisdictions as established by the Marijuana Code or 
otherwise by law. 
Basis and Purpose – 1-140 
The statutory authority for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-202(1)(c), 44-10-203(1)(f) 
44-10-203(1)(g), and 44-10-301(1), C.R.S. This rule gives general instructions regarding Regulated 
Marijuana Business administrative matters to local jurisdictions and clarifies for such entities what the 
Division and State Licensing Authority will do in certain instances. The rule also reaffirms that local law 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 42 
enforcement’s authority to investigate and take any necessary action with regard to Regulated Marijuana 
Businesses remains unaffected by the Marijuana Code or any rules promulgated pursuant to it. This Rule 
1-140 was previously Rules M and R 1401(E), 1 CCR 212-1 and 1 CCR 212-2. 
1-140 – Local Law Enforcement’s Authority Not Impaired by Marijuana Code 
Nothing in the Marijuana Code or any rules promulgated pursuant to it shall be construed to limit the 
ability of local police departments, sheriffs, or other state or local law enforcement agencies to investigate 
unlawful activity in relation to a Regulated Marijuana Business and such agencies shall have the ability to 
run a Colorado Crime Information Center criminal history check of an Applicant or Licensee during an 
investigation of unlawful activity related to Regulated Marijuana or a Regulated Marijuana Business to 
ensure they are in compliance with all Local Licensing Authority regulations related to time, place, and 
manner. 
Part 2 – Applications and Licenses 
2-100 Series – Fees 
Basis and Purpose – 2-105 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-103, 44-10-202(1)(b), 44-10-
202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 44-10-203(1)(k), 44-10-203(1)(i), 44-10-203(2)(b), 44-10-203(2)(h), 44-10-
203(2)(q), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-203(2)(dd)(XII), 44-10-303(2)(b), 44-10-310(7), 44-10-313, 44-10-401, 
44-10-801, 44-10-802, 44-10-803, 44-10-1201, 44-10-1202, C.R.S. Authority also exists in the Colorado 
Constitution at Article XVIII, Subsection 16(5)(a)(II). The purpose of these rules is to establish fees 
required for applications, renewals, licenses, permits, and other fees required to accompany applications 
and submissions to the Division. 
2-105 – Employee License – Initial Fees and Renewal Fees 
A. Initial Application Fees. Upon application for an Employee License, the Applicant must submit a 
total fee reflecting an application fee and license fee, as follows: 
2-105(A) 1 
License Type Total Due at Application 
Employee License $170.00 
Conditional Employee License $220.00 
B. License Renewal Fee. Upon application to renew an Employee License, the Applicant must 
submit the following total fee: 
2-105(B) 1 
License Type Total Due at Application 
Employee License Renewal $120.00 
C. When Fees Are Due. The application and License fees reflected in this Rule are due at the time 
of application. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 43 
Basis and Purpose – 2-110 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-103, 44-10-202(1)(b), 44-10-
202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 44-10-203(1)(k), 44-10-203(1)(i), 44-10-203(2)(b), 44-10-203(2)(h), 44-10-
203(2)(q), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-203(2)(dd)(XII), 44-10-303(2)(b), 44-10-310(7), 44-10-313, 44-10-401, 
44-10-801, 44-10-802, 44-10-803, 44-10-1201, 44-10-1202, C.R.S. Authority also exists in the Colorado 
Constitution at Article XVIII, Subsection 16(5)(a)(II). The purpose of these rules is to establish fees 
required for applications, renewals, licenses, permits, and other fees required to accompany applications 
and submissions to the Division. 
2-110 – Requests for a Finding of Suitability, Owner License and Temporary Appointees – Initial 
Application and Renewal Fees. 
A. The following fees apply to all proposed Owners, including natural persons and Entities. The fee 
for Owner Entities corresponds to the number of Controlling Beneficial Owners of the licensed 
Regulated Marijuana Business created through the Owner Entity, in accordance with Rule 2-
235(A)(2)(a). See Rule 2-115(A). 
1. Requests for Finding of Suitability Fees. 
a. Application Fees. Upon a request for a finding of suitability, the Applicant must 
submit a total fee reflecting an application fee, as follows: 
2-110(A)(1)(a) 1 
License Type 
Due at Submission of Request for Finding of 
Suitability 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Natural Person $720.00 
Passive Beneficial Owner $720.00 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Owner Entity:  
Level 1: One (1) to four (4) Controlling 
Beneficial Owners and/or Owner Entities 
$1,430.00 
Level 2: Five (5) to nine (9) Controlling 
Beneficial Owners and/or Owner Entities 
$2,190.00 
Level 3: Ten (10) or more Controlling 
Beneficial Owners and/or Owner Entities 
$2,860.00 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Publicly Traded 
Corporation (PTC) 
$35,120.00 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Qualified Private 
Fund – Qualified Institutional Investor – Trust 
$7,140.00 
b. License Fees. Upon application submission to associate a finding of suitability to 
a Regulated Marijuana Business License, the Applicant must submit the total fee 
reflecting a License fee, as follows: 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 44 
2-110(A)(1)(b) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Natural 
Person 
$180.00 
$180.00 
Passive Beneficial Owner $180.00 
$180.00 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Owner 
Entity: 
 
 
Level 1: One (1) to four (4) 
Controlling Beneficial Owners 
and/or Owner Entities 
$180.00 $180.00 
Level 2: Five (5) to nine (9) 
Controlling Beneficial Owners 
and/or Owner Entities 
$275.00 $275.00 
Level 3: Ten (10) or more 
Controlling Beneficial Owners 
and/or Owner Entities 
$360.00 $360.00 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – 
Publicly Traded Corporation (PTC) 
$4,390.00 $4,390.00 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – 
Qualified Private Fund – Qualified 
Institutional Investor – Trust 
$895.00 $895.00 
c. When Fees Are Due. 
i. The application fee must be submitted with the request for finding of 
suitability or application. 
ii. The first License fee payment must be submitted with the application to 
associate an approved finding of suitability to a Regulated Marijuana 
Business License, such as an application for a new Regulated Marijuana 
Business License pursuant to Rule 2-220 or a Change of Controlling 
Beneficial Owner application pursuant to Rule 2-245. 
iii. The second payment must be submitted at least twelve (12) months prior 
to the License expiration date, unless otherwise mandated by the State 
Licensing Authority or the Division. 
iv. Failure to submit the second payment at least twelve (12) months prior to 
expiration shall result in disciplinary action, which may include an 
administrative action, fine, suspension, and revocation of the License. 
B. Owner License Renewal. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 45 
1. Upon application to renew an Owner License or Owner Entity License, the Applicant must 
submit fees, as follows: 
2-110(B)(1) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Owner 
Licensee 
$585.00 
$585.00 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Owner 
Entity: 
  
Level 1: One (1) to four (4) 
Controlling Beneficial Owners 
and/or Owner Entities 
$585.00 $585.00 
Level 2: Five (5) to nine (9) 
Controlling Beneficial Owners 
and/or Owner Entities 
$870.00 $870.00 
Level 3: Ten (10) or more 
Controlling Beneficial Owners 
and/or Owner Entities 
$1,160.00 
$1,160.00 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – 
Publicly Traded Corporation (PTC) 
$5,250.00 
$5,250.00 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – 
Qualified Private Fund – Qualified 
Institutional Investor – Trust 
$2,100.00 
$2,100.00 
2. When Fees Are Due. The application and License fees reflected in this Rule must be paid 
as follows: 
a. The first payment must be submitted with the application. 
b. The second payment must be submitted at least twelve (12) months prior to the 
License expiration date, unless otherwise mandated by the State Licensing 
Authority or the Division. 
c. Failure to submit the second payment at least twelve (12) months prior to 
expiration shall result in disciplinary action, which may include an administrative 
action, fine, suspension, and revocation of the License. 
C. Temporary Appointee Registration Fees. 
1. The following fees apply to an application for an initial Temporary Appointee Registration 
and renewal of a Temporary Appointee Registration: 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 46 
2-110(C)(1) 1 
License Type 
Application Fee 
Due at Application 
Temporary Appointee Registration (Natural 
Person)  
$640.00 
Temporary Appointee Registration (Entity)  $2,220.00 
Temporary Appointee Registration (Natural 
Person) Renewal 
$640.00 
Temporary Appointee Registration (Entity) 
Renewal 
$1,790.00 
2. When Fees Are Due. The application and license fees reflected in this Rule are due at 
the time of application. 
Basis and Purpose – 2-115 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-103, 44-10-202(1)(b), 44-10-
202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 44-10-203(1)(k), 44-10-203(1)(i), 44-10-203(2)(b), 44-10-203(2)(h), 44-10-
203(2)(q), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-203(2)(dd)(XII), 44-10-303(2)(b), 44-10-310(7), 44-10-313, 44-10-401, 
44-10-801, 44-10-802, 44-10-803, 44-10-1201, 44-10-1202, C.R.S. Authority also exists in the Colorado 
Constitution at Article XVIII, Subsection 16(5)(a)(II). The purpose of these rules is to establish fees 
required for applications, renewals, licenses, permits, and other fees required to accompany applications 
and submissions to the Division. 
2-115 - Regulated Marijuana Business Initial Application & License Fees 
A. Levels. The following levels apply to Regulated Marijuana Businesses with direct Controlling 
Beneficial Owners, which includes but is not limited to natural persons, Owner Entities, Publicly 
Traded Companies, Trusts, Qualified Institutional Investors and Qualified Private Funds. This 
does not include indirect Controlling Beneficial Owners of the licensed Regulated Marijuana 
Business, in accordance with Rules 2-235(A)(2)(a) and 2-235(B)(1)(b). The levels are: 
1. Level 1: One (1) to four (4) Controlling Beneficial Owners. 
2. Level 2: Five (5) to nine (9) Controlling Beneficial Owners. 
3. Level 3: Ten (10) or more Controlling Beneficial Owners. 
B. Medical Marijuana Businesses. The following fees apply to an application for a new Medical 
Marijuana Business license. 
2-115(B) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Medical Marijuana Store   

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 47 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Level 1 $8,460.00 $8,460.00 
Level 2 $12,710.00 $12,710.00 
Level 3 $16,910.00 $16,910.00 
Medical Marijuana Products 
Manufacturer 
  
Level 1 $3,210.00 $3,210.00 
Level 2 $4,835.00 $4,835.00 
Level 3 $6,410.00 $6,410.00 
Medical Marijuana Cultivation Facility 
- Class 1 (1-500 plants) 
 
 
Level 1 $3,210.00 $3,210.00 
Level 2 
$4,835.00 
$4,835.00 
Level 3 $6,410.00 $6,410.00 
Medical Marijuana Testing Facility   
Level 1 
$3,210.00 
$3,210.00 
Level 2 
$4,835.00 
$4,835.00 
Level 3 $6,410.00 $6,410.00 
Medical Marijuana Transporter $3,625.00 $3,625.00 
Medical Marijuana Business Operator   
Level 1 $4,200.00 $4,200.00 
Level 2 $6,300.00 $6,300.00 
Level 3 $8,400.00 $8,400.00 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 48 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Marijuana Research and 
Development Facility 
  
Level 1 $3,210.00 $3,210.00 
Level 2 $4,835.00 $4,835.00 
Level 3 $6,410.00 $6,410.00 
C. Retail Marijuana Businesses. The following fees apply to an application for a new Retail 
Marijuana Business license. Applications for Accelerator Licenses are exempt from these fees. 
1. State Licensing Authority Fees. See subparagraph (C)(2) for the separate fees required 
to be submitted to the Division with an application for a new Retail Marijuana Business 
license. 
2-115(C)(1) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Retail Marijuana Store   
Level 1 
$3,120.00 $5,620.00 
Level 2 $5,960.00 $8,460.00 
Level 3 $8,740.00 $11,240.00 
Retail Marijuana Products 
Manufacturer 
  
Level 1 $2,440.00 $4,940.00 
Level 2 
$4,910.00 $7,410.00 
Level 3 $7,370.00 $9,870.00 
Retail Marijuana Cultivation Facility - 
Tier 1 (1-1,800 plants) 
  
Level 1 
$2,440.00 $4,940.00 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 49 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Level 2 $4,910.00 $7,410.00 
Level 3 $7,370.00 $9,870.00 
Retail Marijuana Testing Facility 
  
Level 1 $2,100.00 $3,150.00 
Level 2 $3,415.00 $4,465.00 
Level 3 
$4,725.00 $5,775.00 
Retail Marijuana Transporter  $3,075.00 
$3,600.00 
Retail Marijuana Business Operator   
Level 1 $3,100.00 $4,150.00 
Level 2 
$4,935.00 $5,985.00 
Level 3 $6,720.00 $7,770.00 
Marijuana Hospitality Business  
$1,420.00 $2,470.00 
Retail Marijuana Hospitality and Sales 
Business 
$5,745.00 $8,245.00 
2. Local Portion of Application Fee. In addition to the fees in subparagraph (C)(1) of this 
Rule, an Applicant must submit a separate check made out to the local jurisdiction as 
follows: 
2-115(C)(2) 1 
License Type 
Application Fee 
Due at Application 
Retail Marijuana Store $2,500.00 
Retail Marijuana Products Manufacturer $2,500.00 
Retail Marijuana Cultivation Facility $2,500.00 
Retail Marijuana Testing Facility $1,050.00 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 50 
License Type 
Application Fee 
Due at Application 
Retail Marijuana Transporter  $525.00 
Retail Marijuana Business Operator $1,050.00 
Marijuana Hospitality Business  $1,050.00 
Retail Marijuana Hospitality and Sales Business $2,500.00 
D. When Fees Are Due. The application and License fees reflected in this Rule must be paid as 
follows. 
1. The first payment must be submitted with the application. 
2. The second payment must be submitted at least twelve (12) months prior to the License 
expiration date, unless otherwise mandated by the State Licensing Authority or the 
Division. 
3. Failure to timely submit the second payment at least twelve (12) months prior to 
expiration shall result in disciplinary action, which may include an administrative action, 
fine, suspension, or revocation of the License. 
E. Unified Application Fees. Licensees opting to utilize a Unified Application will receive a $100.00 
reduction from the initial application fee in this Rule 2-115 for each License included in the Unified 
Application. 
1. Medical Marijuana Business Licenses. This reduction will be applied to the first payment 
due at application reflected in Rule 2-115(B) for initial Medical Marijuana Business 
License applications. 
2. Retail Marijuana Business Licenses. This reduction will be split evenly ($50.00 each) and 
applied to the first payment due at application reflected in Rule 2-115(C)(1) and the local 
portion of the application fee in Rule 2-115(C)(2) for initial Retail Marijuana Business 
License applications. 
Basis and Purpose – 2-120 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-103, 44-10-202(1)(b), 44-10-
202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 44-10-203(1)(k), 44-10-203(1)(i), 44-10-203(2)(b), 44-10-203(2)(h), 44-10-
203(2)(q), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-203(2)(dd)(XII), 44-10-303(2)(b), 44-10-310(7), 44-10-313, 44-10-401, 
44-10-801, 44-10-802, 44-10-803, 44-10-1201, 44-10-1202, C.R.S. Authority also exists in the Colorado 
Constitution at Article XVIII, Subsection 16(5)(a)(II). The purpose of this rule is to establish fees required 
for applications, renewals, licenses, permits, and other fees required to accompany applications and 
submissions to the Division. 
2-120 – Permit Fees 
A. The following fees apply to permits issued by the State Licensing Authority or the Division and are 
due at the time of application. 
2-120(A) 1 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 51 
License Type Total Due at Application 
Transition Permit $370.00 
Centralized Distribution Permit $60.00 
Off-Premises Storage Facility Permit $2,100.00 
R&D Co-Location Permit $110.00 
B. Delivery Permit Fees. 
1. The following fees apply to delivery permits issued by the State Licensing Authority or the 
Division. 
2-120(B) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Delivery Permit $5,515.00 $5,515.00 
Delivery Permit Renewal $2,785.00 $2,785.00 
2. When Fees Are Due. The fees reflected in this subparagraph (B)(1) must be paid as 
follows. 
a. The first payment must be submitted with the application. 
b. The second payment must be submitted at least twelve (12) months prior to the 
permit expiration date, unless otherwise mandated by the State Licensing 
Authority or the Division. 
c. Failure to submit the second payment at least twelve (12) months prior to 
expiration shall result in disciplinary action, which may include an administrative 
action, fine, suspension, and revocation of the License. 
Basis and Purpose – 2-125 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-103, 44-10-202(1)(b), 44-10-
202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 44-10-203(1)(k), 44-10-203(1)(i), 44-10-203(2)(b), 44-10-203(2)(h), 44-10-
203(2)(q), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-203(2)(dd)(XII), 44-10-303(2)(b), 44-10-310(7), 44-10-313, 44-10-401, 
44-10-801, 44-10-802, 44-10-803, 44-10-1201, 44-10-1202, C.R.S. Authority also exists in the Colorado 
Constitution at Article XVIII, Subsection 16(5)(a)(II). The purpose of this rule is to establish fees required 
for applications, renewals, licenses, permits, and other fees required to accompany applications and 
submissions to the Division. 
2-125 – Regulated Marijuana Business License Renewal Fees 
A. Medical Marijuana Businesses. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 52 
2-125(A) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Medical Marijuana Store $2,420.00 $2,420.00 
Medical Marijuana Products 
Manufacturer 
$2,420.00 $2,420.00 
Medical Marijuana Cultivation Facility:   
Class 1 (1-500 plants) $2,420.00 $2,420.00 
Class 2 (501-1,500 plants) 
$3,520.00 $3,520.00 
Class 3 (1,501-3,000 plants) 
$5,200.00 $5,200.00 
Expanded Production 
Management (The amount 
shown is charged in addition 
to the Class 3 fee for each 
class of 3,000 plants over 
Class 3) 
$1,110.00 $1,110.00 
Medical Marijuana Testing Facility $2,420.00 $2,420.00 
Medical Marijuana Transporter  $3,195.00 $3,195.00 
Medical Marijuana Business Operator $3,365.00 $3,365.00 
Marijuana Research and 
Development Facility 
$2,420.00 $2,420.00 
B. Retail Marijuana Businesses. Applications for Accelerator Licenses are exempt from these fees. 
2-125(B) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Retail Marijuana Store 
$2,420.00 
$2,420.00 
Retail Marijuana Products 
Manufacturer 
$2,420.00 $2,420.00 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 53 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Retail Marijuana Cultivation Facility:   
Tier 1 (1-1,800 plants) 
$2,420.00 
$2,420.00 
Tier 2 (1,801-3,600 plants) 
$3,520.00 
$3,520.00 
Tier 3 (3,601-6,000 plants) 
$4,520.00 
$4,520.00 
Tier 4 (6,001-10,200 plants) 
$6,565.00 
$6,565.00 
Tier 5 (10,201-13,800 plants) 
$9,350.00 
$9,350.00 
Expanded Production 
Management (The amount 
shown is charged in addition 
to the Tier 5 fee for each 
additional tier of 3,600 plants 
over Tier 5) 
$1,110.00 $1,110.00 
Retail Marijuana Testing Facility $2,420.00 
$2,420.00 
Retail Marijuana Transporter  $3,210.00 
$3,210.00 
Retail Marijuana Business Operator $3,365.00 
$3,365.00 
Marijuana Hospitality Business  $1,370.00 
$1,370.00 
Retail Marijuana Hospitality and Sales 
Business  
$2,420.00 $2,420.00 
C. When Fees Are Due. The application and License fees reflected in this Rule must be paid as 
follows. 
1. The first payment must be submitted with the application. 
2. The second payment must be submitted at least twelve (12) months prior to the License 
expiration date, unless otherwise mandated by the State Licensing Authority or the 
Division. 
3. Failure to submit the second payment at least twelve (12) months prior to expiration shall 
result in disciplinary action, which may include an administrative action, fine, suspension, 
and revocation of the License. 
D. Unified Application Fees. Licensees opting to utilize a Unified Application will receive a $100.00 
reduction from the renewal application fee in this Rule 2-125 for each License included in the 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 54 
Unified Application. This reduction will be applied to the first payment due at application reflected 
in Rules 2-125(A) and (B). 
Basis and Purpose – 2-130 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-103, 44-10-202(1)(b), 44-10-
202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 44-10-203(1)(k), 44-10-203(1)(i), 44-10-203(2)(b), 44-10-203(2)(h), 44-10-
203(2)(q), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-203(2)(dd)(XII), 44-10-303(2)(b), 44-10-310(7), 44-10-313, 44-10-401, 
44-10-801, 44-10-802, 44-10-803, 44-10-1201, 44-10-1202, C.R.S. Authority also exists in the Colorado 
Constitution at Article XVIII, Subsection 16(5)(a)(II). The purpose of these rules is to establish fees 
required for applications, renewals, licenses fees, permits, and other fees required to accompany 
applications and submissions to the Division. 
2-130 – Ownership Change Fees 
A. The following fees apply per a Regulated Marijuana Business License and are due at the time of 
submission. 
2-130(A) 1 
License Type Total Due with Submission 
Change of Controlling Beneficial Owner: 
 
Involving up to four (4) Controlling 
Beneficial Owners and/or Owner Entities, 
(i.e. buyers and sellers) 
$2,940.00 
Involving five (5) to nine (9) Controlling 
Beneficial Owners and/or Owner Entities, 
(i.e. buyers and sellers) 
$5,150.00 
Involving ten (10) or more Controlling 
Beneficial Owners and/or Owner Entities, 
(i.e. buyers and sellers) 
$6,670.00 
Changes Exempt from a Change of Ownership 
not involving a reallocation 
$1,210.00 
Changes Exempt from a Change of Ownership 
involving a reallocation 
$2,100.00 
Basis and Purpose – 2-135 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-103, 44-10-202(1)(b), 44-10-
202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 44-10-203(1)(k), 44-10-203(1)(i), 44-10-203(2)(b), 44-10-203(2)(h), 44-10-
203(2)(q), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-203(2)(dd)(XII), 44-10-303(2)(b), 44-10-310(7), 44-10-313, 44-10-401, 
44-10-801, 44-10-802, 44-10-803, 44-10-1201, 44-10-1202, C.R.S. Authority also exists in the Colorado 
Constitution at Article XVIII, Subsection 16(5)(a)(II). The purpose of these rules is to establish fees 
required for applications, renewals, licenses fees, permits, and other fees required to accompany 
applications and submissions to the Division. 
2-135 – Applications to Modify Fees 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 55 
A. The following fees apply per a Regulated Marijuana Business License and are due at the time of 
application. 
2-135(A) 1 
License Type Total Due at Application 
Request Fee (for Tier Increase / Class Increase) $320.00 
Change of Trade Name (COTN) $110.00 
Change of Location (COL) $690.00 
Security Waiver $630.00 
Security Waiver Renewal $320.00 
Contingency Plan $1,370.00 
Basis and Purpose – 2-140 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-103, 44-10-202(1)(b), 44-10-
202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 44-10-203(1)(k), 44-10-203(1)(i), 44-10-203(2)(b), 44-10-203(2)(h), 44-10-
203(2)(q), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-203(2)(dd)(XII), 44-10-303(2)(b), 44-10-310(7), 44-10-313, 44-10-401, 
44-10-801, 44-10-802, 44-10-803, 44-10-1201, 44-10-1202, C.R.S. Authority also exists in the Colorado 
Constitution at Article XVIII, Subsection 16(5)(a)(II). The purpose of these rules is to establish fees 
required for applications, renewals, licenses, permits, and other fees required to accompany applications 
and submissions to the Division. 
2-140 – Other Application Fees 
A. The following fees apply and are due at the time of application. 
2-140(A) 1 
License Type Total Due at Application 
Reduced Testing Allowance Certification  $4,200.00 
Duplicate Business License $60.00 
Duplicate Owner/Employee License $30.00 
Request for Reinstatement $370.00 
Responsible Vendor Program Provider:  
Responsible Vendor Program Provider 
Initial Application 
$1,160.00 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 56 
License Type Total Due at Application 
Duplicate Responsible Vendor Program 
Provider Certificate 
$60.00 
Responsible Vendor Program Provider 
Renewal Application 
$480.00 
R&D Project Proposal $690.00 
License Application Copy Request $40.00 
Basis and Purpose – 2-145 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-103, 44-10-202(1)(b), 44-10-
202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 44-10-203(1)(k), 44-10-203(1)(i), 44-10-203(2)(b), 44-10-203(2)(h), 44-10-
203(2)(q), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-203(2)(dd)(XII), 44-10-303(2)(b), 44-10-308(5); 44-10-310(7), 44-10-
313, 44-10-401, 44-10-801, 44-10-802, 44-10-803, 44-10-1201, 44-10-1202, C.R.S. The purpose of these 
rules is to establish fees required for applications, renewals, licenses fees, permits, and other fees 
required to accompany applications and submissions to the Division by Social Equity Licensees. 
2-145 – Social Equity Fees 
A. When Reduced Fees Apply. Reduced fees apply to Licensees who have been found suitable as a 
Social Equity Licensee pursuant to Rule 2-235(B.5) or (B.6) under the following circumstances: 
1. The first Owner Entity initial finding of suitability application submitted by the Social 
Equity Licensee; 
2. The first and second initial Regulated Marijuana Business License applications submitted 
by the Licensee; 
3. The first and second initial delivery permit applications submitted by the Licensee (if 
applicable); 
4. The first renewal after July 1, 2023 of any two Regulated Marijuana Business Licenses 
issued; 
5. The first renewal after July 1, 2023 of any two delivery permits issued; 
6. The first renewal after July 1, 2023 of one Owner Entity License issued; and 
7. The first renewal after July 1, 2023 of one Owner License issued. 
B. Requests for a Finding of Suitability and Owner License – Initial Application and Renewal Fees. 
The following fees apply to all proposed Owners, including natural persons and Entities. 
1. Requests for Finding of Suitability Fees. 
a. Application Fees. Upon a request for a finding of suitability, the Applicant must 
submit a total fee reflecting an application fee, as follows: 
2-145(B)(1)(a) 1 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 57 
License Type 
Due at Submission of Request for Finding of 
Suitability 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Natural Person – 
Social Equity 
$720.00 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Owner Entity $170.00 
b. License Fees. Upon application submission to associate a finding of suitability to 
a Regulated Marijuana Business License, the Applicant must submit a total fee 
reflecting a license fee, as follows: 
2-145(B)(1)(b) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Owner 
License – Social Equity Licensee 
$0.00 $0.00 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Owner 
Entity 
$0.00 $0.00 
c. When Fees Are Due. 
i. The application fee must be submitted with the request for finding of 
suitability or application. 
ii. The first License fee payment must be submitted with the application to 
associate an approved finding of suitability to a Regulated Marijuana 
Business License, such as an application for a new Regulated Marijuana 
Business License pursuant to Rule 2-220 or a Change of Controlling 
Beneficial Owner application pursuant to Rule 2-245. 
iii. The second payment must be submitted at least twelve (12) months prior 
to the License expiration date, unless otherwise mandated by the State 
Licensing Authority or the Division. 
iv. Failure to submit the second payment at least twelve (12) months prior to 
expiration shall result in disciplinary action, which may include an 
administrative action, fine, suspension, and revocation of the License. 
2. Owner License Renewal. Upon application to renew an Owner License or Owner Entity 
License, the Applicant must submit fees, as follows: 
2-145(B)(2) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 58 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Owner 
License – Social Equity Licensee 
$165.00 $165.00 
Controlling Beneficial Owner – Owner 
Entity 
$165.00 $165.00 
a. When Fees Are Due. The application and License fees reflected in this Rule 
must be paid as follows. 
i. The first payment must be submitted with the application. 
ii. The second payment must be submitted at least twelve (12) months prior 
to the License expiration date, unless otherwise mandated by the State 
Licensing Authority or the Division. 
iii. Failure to submit the second payment at least twelve (12) months prior to 
expiration shall result in disciplinary action, which may include an 
administrative action, fine, suspension, and revocation of the License. 
C. Retail Marijuana Business – Initial and Renewal Application and License Fees. Applications for 
Accelerator Licenses are exempt from these fees. 
1. Initial Application and License Fees. 
2-145(C)(1) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Retail Marijuana Store $1,420.00 $1,420.00 
Retail Marijuana Products Manufacturer $1,260.00 $1,260.00 
Retail Marijuana Cultivation Facility - 
Tier 1 (1-1,800 plants) 
$1,260.00 $1,260.00 
Retail Marijuana Testing Facility $685.00 $685.00 
Retail Marijuana Transporter  $840.00 $840.00 
Retail Marijuana Business Operator $895.00 $895.00 
Marijuana Hospitality Business  $475.00 $475.00 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 59 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Retail Marijuana Hospitality and Sales 
Business 
$1,420.00 $1,420.00 
2. Renewal Application and License Fees. 
2-145(C)(2) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Retail Marijuana Store $635.00 $635.00 
Retail Marijuana Products Manufacturer $635.00 $635.00 
Retail Marijuana Cultivation Facility: 
  
Tier 1 (1 - 1,800 Plants) $635.00 $635.00 
Tier 2 (1,801 – 3,600 Plants) $895.00 $895.00 
Tier 3 (3,601 – 6,000 Plants) $1,160.00 $1,160.00 
Tier 4 (6,001 – 10,200 Plants) $1,635.00 $1,635.00 
Tier 5 (10,201 – 13,800 
Plants) 
$2,365.00 $2,365.00 
Expanded Production Management 
(The amount shown is charged in 
addition to the Tier 5 fee for each 
additional 3,600 plants after Tier 5) 
$265.00 $265.00 
Retail Marijuana Testing Facility $635.00 $635.00 
Retail Marijuana Transporter  $820.00 $820.00 
Retail Marijuana Business Operator $845.00 $845.00 
Marijuana Hospitality Business  $370.00 $370.00 
Retail Marijuana Hospitality and Sales 
Business 
$635.00 $635.00 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 60 
3. When Fees Are Due. The application and License fees reflected in this Rule must be paid 
as follows. 
a. The first payment must be submitted with the application. 
b. The second payment must be submitted at least twelve (12) months prior to the 
License expiration date, unless otherwise mandated by the State Licensing 
Authority or the Division. 
c. Failure to timely submit the second payment shall result in disciplinary action, 
which may include an administrative action, fine, suspension, and revocation of 
the License. 
4. Unified Application Fees. Licensees opting to utilize a Unified Application will receive a 
$100.00 reduction from the initial application fee or renewal application fee for each 
License included in the Unified Application. This reduction will be applied to the first 
payment due at application reflected in Rules 2-145(C)(1) and (C)(2). 
D. Medical Marijuana Business – Initial and Renewal Application and License Fees. 
1. Initial Application and License Fees. 
2-145(D)(1) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Medical Marijuana Store $2,100.00 $2,100.00 
Medical Marijuana Products 
Manufacturer 
$790.00 $790.00 
Medical Marijuana Cultivation Facility - 
Class 1 (1-500 plants) 
$790.00 $790.00 
Medical Marijuana Testing Facility $790.00 $790.00 
Medical Marijuana Transporter $920.00 $920.00 
Medical Marijuana Business Operator $1,050.00 $1,050.00 
Marijuana Research and Development 
Facility 
$790.00 $790.00 
2. Renewal Application and License Fees. 
2-145(D)(2) 1 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 61 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Medical Marijuana Store $635.00 $635.00 
Medical Marijuana Products 
Manufacturer 
$635.00 $635.00 
Medical Marijuana Cultivation Facility: 
  
Class 1 (1-500 plants) $635.00 $635.00 
Class 2 (501-1,500 plants) $895.00 $895.00 
Class 3 (1,501-3,000 plants) $1,315.00 $1,315.00 
Expanded Production 
Management (The amount 
shown is charged in addition to 
the Class 3 fee for each class of 
3,000 plants over Class 3) 
$265.00 $265.00 
Medical Marijuana Testing Facility $635.00 $635.00 
Medical Marijuana Transporter $820.00 $820.00 
Medical Marijuana Business Operator $845.00 $845.00 
Marijuana Research and Development 
Facility 
$635.00 $635.00 
3. When Fees Are Due. The application and License fees reflected in this Rule must be paid 
as follows. 
a. The first payment must be submitted with the application. 
b. The second payment must be submitted at least twelve (12) months prior to the 
License expiration date, unless otherwise mandated by the State Licensing 
Authority or the Division. 
c. Failure to timely submit the second payment shall result in disciplinary action, 
which may include an administrative action, fine, suspension, and revocation of 
the License. 
4. Unified Application Fees. Licensees opting to utilize a Unified Application will receive a 
$100.00 reduction from the initial application fee or renewal application fee for each 
License included in the Unified Application. This reduction will be applied to the first 
payment due at application reflected in Rules 2-145(D)(1) and (D)(2). 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 62 
E. Delivery Permit Fees. 
2-145(E) 1 
License Type 
1st Payment 
Due at Application 
2nd Payment 
Due 12 months prior to 
expiration 
Delivery Permit $1,365.00 $1,365.00 
Delivery Permit Renewal $685.00 $685.00 
1. When Fees Are Due. The fees reflected in this Rule must be paid as follows. 
a. The first payment must be submitted with the application. 
b. The second payment must be submitted at least twelve (12) months prior to the 
permit expiration date, unless otherwise mandated by the State Licensing 
Authority or the Division. 
c. Failure to submit the second payment at least twelve (12) months prior to 
expiration shall result in disciplinary action, which may include an administrative 
action, fine, suspension, and revocation of the License. 
2-200 Series – Applications and Licenses Rules 
2-205 – Fees - Repealed 
2-206 – Social Equity Fees - Repealed 
Basis and Purpose – 2-210 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 
44-10-203(1)(c), 44-10-203(1)(k), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-305, 44-10-901(2), and 24-4-105(2) C.R.S. The 
purpose of this rule is to clarify the duties that Applicants and Licensees have when reporting to the State 
Licensing Authority information that is necessary for the issuance of a state license. These duties include 
but are not limited to reporting and keeping a mailing address current, reporting a felony conviction or 
other disqualifying event, cooperating with the State Licensing Authority and his or her employees, and 
notifying the State Licensing Authority of any change of registered agent in the State of Colorado. This 
rule further provides that all communications or notifications that the State Licensing Authority or Division 
send an Applicant or Licensee will be sent to the last known address. The Applicant’s or Licensee’s 
failure to notify the Division of a change of address does not relieve the Applicant or Licensee from timely 
responding to any correspondence or notification. 
2-210 – Duties of All Applicants and Licensees 
A. Duty to Keep Mailing Address Current: All Applicants and Licensees. 
1. Timing of Notification. An Applicant or Licensee must provide a physical mailing address 
to the Division and may provide an electronic mailing address to the Division. A Licensee 
must inform the Division in writing of any change to its physical mailing address and/or 
electronic mailing address within 28 days of the change. The Division will not change a 
Licensee’s information without written notice from the Licensee or its authorized agent. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 63 
2. State Licensing Authority and Division Communications. The State Licensing Authority 
and Division will send any formal notifications or determinations regarding any application 
or an administrative action to the last mailing address and to the last electronic mailing 
address, if any, furnished to the Division by the Applicant or Licensee. 
3. Failure to Change Address Does Not Relieve Applicant’s or Licensee’s Obligations. An 
Applicant’s or Licensee’s failure to notify the Division of a change of physical or electronic 
mailing address does not relieve the Applicant or Licensee from the obligation of 
responding to a Division communication or a State Licensing Authority communication. 
B. Duty to Report Felony - Convictions, Deferred Sentences and Judgments. An Applicant or 
Licensee must notify the Division in writing of any felony conviction or deferred sentence or 
judgment regarding a felony against him or her within seven days of the conviction or deferred 
sentence or judgment. The notification must include disposition documents. Failure to make 
required notification to the Division may be grounds for administrative action. 
C. Duty to Report Any Disqualifying Event. Applicants and Licensees must notify the Division within 
seven days of any change of fact that would result in the Applicant or Licensee being disqualified 
from holding a license, permit, or registration pursuant to the Marijuana Code, or these Rules. 
D. Duty to Cooperate. Applicants and Licensees must cooperate in any investigation conducted by 
the Division. Failure to cooperate with a Division investigation may be grounds for denial of an 
application or for administrative action against a Licensee. 
E. Duty to Report Change of Registered Agent. A Regulated Marijuana Business must disclose any 
change of its registered agent in the State of Colorado within seven days of the change. 
Basis and Purpose – 2-215 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-202(1)(c), 44-10-203(1)(k), 
44-10-203(2)(a), 44-10-203(2)(c), 44-10-203(2)(k), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-305, 44-10-307, 44-10-308, 
44-10-309, 44-10-310, 44-10-311, 44-10-312, 44-10-313, 44-10-314 and 44-10-316, C.R.S. The purpose 
of this rule is to establish requirements for all applications including: required application fees; complete, 
accurate and truthful applications; notification of the applicable local licensing authority or local 
jurisdiction; that the Applicant or Licensee establish they are not a person prohibited from licensure; 
submission of additional information or documents upon request by the Division; and notification that all 
application material may be disclosed consistent with the Marijuana Code. 
2-215 – All Applications Requirements 
A. Applicability. This Rule 2-215 applies to all applications submitted to the Division for a license, 
permit, or registration provided by the Marijuana Code. 
B. Division Forms Required. All applications for licenses, registrations, or permits authorized by 
subsections 44-10-401(2) and (3), C.R.S., must be made on current Division forms. 
C. Application Fees Required. Applications must be accompanied by full remittance of the required 
fees. Owner Licenses, Regulated Marijuana Business Licenses, and delivery permits are subject 
to annual payments as described in Rules 2-110, 2-115, 2-120, 2-125, and 2-145. 
D. Complete, Accurate, and Truthful Applications Required. Applications must be complete, 
accurate, and truthful and include all attachments and supplemental information. Incomplete 
applications may not be accepted by the Division. 
E. Local Licensing Authority/Local Jurisdiction. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 64 
1. Each application must identify the applicable Local Licensing Authority(ies) or Local 
Jurisdiction(s). 
2. If thea Local Licensing Authority or Local Jurisdiction requires a physical copy of the 
application, the Applicant or Licensee must submit the original application and one 
identical copy to the Division. Otherwise the Applicant or Licensee must submit only the 
original application to the Division. 
F. Applicant Not Prohibited From Licensure. Applicants must provide information establishing the 
Applicant is not a Person prohibited from licensure by section 44-10-307, C.R.S. 
G. Additional Information and Documents May Be Required. 
1. Upon request by the Division, an Applicant must provide additional information or 
documents required to process and investigate the application. The additional information 
or documents must be provided within seven days of the request, however, this deadline 
may be extended for a period of time commensurate with the scope of the request. 
2. An Applicant’s failure to provide requested information or documents by the deadline may 
be grounds for denial of the application. 
H. Application Forms Accessible. All application forms provided by the Division and filed by an 
Applicant for a license, registration, or permit, including attachments and any other documents 
associated with the investigation, may be used for a purpose authorized by the Marijuana Code, 
for investigation or enforcement of any international, federal, state, or local securities law or 
regulation, for any other state or local law enforcement purpose, or as otherwise required by law. 
Basis and Purpose – 2-220 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 
44-10-203(1)(c), 44-10-203(1)(j), 44-10-203(1)(k), 44-10-203(2)(a), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-203(2)(ee), 
44-10-203(7), 44-10-301, 44-10-305, 44-10-307, 44-10-308, 44-10-309, 44-10-310, 44-10-311, 44-10-
312, 44-10-313, and 44-10-316, C.R.S. The purpose of this rule is to establish the general requirements 
and processes for submission of an initial application for a Regulated Marijuana Business to the State 
Licensing Authority. 
2-220 – Initial Application Requirements for Regulated Marijuana Businesses 
A. Documents and Information Requested. Every initial application for a Regulated Marijuana 
Business License must include all required documents and information including, but not limited 
to: 
1. A copy of the local license application, if required, for a Regulated Marijuana Business. 
2. Certificate of Good Standing from the jurisdiction in which the Entity was formed, which 
must be one of the states of the United States, territories of the United States, District of 
Columbia, or another country that authorizes the sale of marijuana. 
3. If the Applicant is an Entity, the identity and physical address of its registered agent in the 
state of Colorado. 
4. Organizational Documents. Articles of Incorporation, by-laws, and any shareholder 
agreement for a corporation; articles of organization and operating agreement for a 
limited liability company; or partnership agreement for a partnership. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 65 
5. Corporate Governance Documents. 
a. A Regulated Marijuana Business that is a Publicly Traded Corporation must 
maintain corporate governance documents as required by the securities 
exchange on which its securities are listed and traded, and section 44-10-
103(50), C.R.S., and must provide those corporate governance documents with 
each initial application. 
b. A Regulated Marijuana Business that is not a Publicly Traded Corporation is not 
required to maintain any corporate governance documents. However, if the 
Regulated Marijuana Business that is not a Publicly Traded Corporation 
voluntarily maintains corporate governance documents, the Division encourages 
inclusion of such documents with each initial application. 
6. The deed, lease, sublease, rental agreement, contract, or any other document(s) 
establishing the Applicant is, or will be, entitled to possession of the premises for which 
the application is made. 
7. Legible and accurate diagram for the facility. The diagram must include a plan for the 
Licensed Premises and a separate plan for the security/surveillance plan including 
camera location, number and direction of coverage. If the diagram is larger than 8.5 x 11 
inches, the Applicant must also provide a copy of the diagram in a portable document 
format (.pdf). 
8. All required findings of suitability issued by the Division. 
9. If the Applicant is a Publicly Traded Corporation: 
a. Documents establishing the Publicly Traded Corporation qualifies to hold a 
Regulated Marijuana Business License including but not limited to disclosure of 
securities exchange(s) on which its Securities are listed and traded, the stock 
symbol(s), the identity of all regulators with regulatory oversight over its 
Securities; and 
b. Divestiture plan for any Controlling Beneficial Owner that is a Person prohibited 
by the Marijuana Code, has had her or his Owner License revoked, or has been 
found unsuitable. 
10. Financial Statements. Consolidated financial statements (which may be prepared on 
either a calendar or fiscal year basis) that were prepared in the preceding 365 days, and 
which must include a balance sheet, an income statement, and a cash flow statement. If 
the Applicant or Regulated Marijuana Business is required to have audited financial 
statements by another regulator (e.g. United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or the Canadian Securities Administrators) the financial statements provided 
to the Division must be audited and must also include all footnotes, schedules, auditors’ 
report(s), and auditor’s opinion(s). If the financial statements are publicly available on a 
website (e.g. EDGAR or SEDAR), the Applicant or Regulated Marijuana Business may 
provide notification of the website link where the financial statements can be accessed in 
lieu of hardcopy submission. 
11. Tax Documents. While duplicate tax documentation is not required to be provided with 
the application, the Applicant shall cooperate with the Division to establish proof of 
compliant return filing and payment of taxes related to any Regulated Marijuana Business 
in which the Person is, or was, required to file and pay taxes. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 66 
A.5. Unified Application Requirements. This paragraph (A.5) shall be effective July 1, 2026. Unified 
Applications are only available to Regulated Marijuana Business Licenses. 
1. Eligibility. An Applicant may submit a Unified Application on behalf of multiple Regulated 
Marijuana Business Licenses with identical Controlling Beneficial Owners, regardless of 
Owner’s Interest held. 
2. Applicants opting to utilize a Unified Application for an initial application for a Regulated 
Marijuana Business License must provide all documents required by paragraph (A) of this 
Rule for each License included in the Unified Application. Applicants need not provide 
duplicate documentation where a single document applies to more than one License 
included in the Unified Application. 
B. Local Licensing/Approval Required. 
1. Regulated Marijuana Business Local Licensing Authority Approval Required. 
a. If the Division grants a License to a Regulated Marijuana Business before the 
Local Licensing Authority or Local Jurisdiction approves the application or grants 
a local license, the state License will be conditioned upon local approval. If the 
Local Licensing Authority denies the application, the state License will be 
revoked. 
b. An Applicant is prohibited from operating a Regulated Marijuana Business prior 
to obtaining all necessary licenses, registrations, permits, or approvals from both 
the State Licensing Authority and the Local Licensing Authority or Local 
Jurisdiction. 
2. Repealed. 
C. Social Equity License Qualification. 
1. A natural person who can establish they qualify as a Social Equity Licensee may apply 
for either a Regulated Marijuana Business License or an Accelerator License. 
2. Repealed. 
3. Repealed. 
4. Repealed. 
D. Accelerator License Application and Qualification. 
1. License Issuance. 
a. A Social Equity Licensee may apply for an Accelerator License. The application 
shall be made on Division forms and in accordance with the 2-200 Series Rules. 
b. An Accelerator Licensee may exercise the privileges of a Retail Marijuana 
Cultivation Facility License, Retail Marijuana Products Manufacturer License, or 
Retail Marijuana Store License on the Licensed Premises of a Retail Marijuana 
Cultivation Facility, Retail Marijuana Products Manufacturer, or Retail Marijuana 
Store that has been approved as an Accelerator-Endorsed Licensee or on a 
Licensed Premises under the control of the Accelerator-Endorsed Licensee. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 67 
2. Qualifications. To qualify for an Accelerator License, an Applicant must: 
a. Be found suitable for licensure pursuant to Rule 2-235, unless otherwise 
exempted by these Rules; and 
b. Be approved as a Social Equity Licensee pursuant to Rule 2-235(B.5) or 2-
235(B.6). 
3. Information Required to Establish Qualification as an Accelerator Licensee. To establish 
that an Applicant qualifies as an Accelerator Licensee, they must establish: 
a. Qualification as a Social Equity Licensee; and 
b. An affirmation that the Applicant has not been the Beneficial Owner of a 
Regulated Marijuana Business License issued pursuant to the Marijuana Code. 
Basis and Purpose – 2-225 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 
44-10-203(1)(c), 44-10-203(2)(a), 44-10-203(2)(c), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-10-203(2)(ee), 44-10-203(7), 44-
10-305(2)(b)(l)(C). 44-10-307, 44-10-308, 44-10-309, 44-10-313, 44-10-314, and 44-10-316 C.R.S. The 
purpose of this rule is to establish the requirements and procedures for the license renewal process, 
including the circumstances under which an expired license may be reinstated. 
2-225 – Renewal Application Requirements for All Licensees 
A. License Periods. 
1. Regulated Marijuana Business, and Owner Licenses, and Owner Entity Licenses are 
valid for a period not to exceed two years from the date of issuance. 
a. For any Regulated Marijuana Business Licenses for which an Applicant opts to 
utilize a Unified Application, those Regulated Marijuana Business Licenses will 
receive aligned expiration dates for all Regulated Marijuana Business Licenses 
included in the Unified Application upon approval of the application. 
i. The expiration dates shall be determined by the Regulated Marijuana 
Business License that expires earliest of the Licenses included in the 
Unified Application. 
ii. Licenses that receive a reduced License period due to aligned expiration 
dates as a result of a Unified Application shall not receive a pro-rated fee 
or refund for fees paid for the previous License period. 
2. Employee Licenses are valid for a period not to exceed two years from the date of 
issuance. 
3. Licenses issued by a Local Licensing Authority or Local Jurisdiction may have a license 
term other than two years. 
B. Division Notification Prior to Expiration. 
1. The Division will send a notice of license renewal 90 days prior to the expiration of an 
existing Regulated Marijuana Business or Owner License by electronicfirst class mail to 
the Licensee’s electronic mailing address of record. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 68 
2. Failure to receive the Division notification does not relieve the Licensee of the obligation 
to timely renew the license. 
C. Renewal Deadline. 
1. A Licensee must apply for the renewal of an existing license prior to the License’s 
expiration date. 
2. A renewal application submitted to the Division prior to the license’s expiration date shall 
be deemed timely pursuant to subsection 24-4-104(7), C.R.S., and the Licensee may 
continue to operate until Final Agency Order on the renewal application. 
D. If License Not Renewed Before Expiration. A License is immediately invalid upon expiration if the 
Licensee has not filed a renewal application and remitted all of the required fees prior to the 
License expiration date. A Regulated Marijuana Business that fails to file a renewal application 
and remit required fees prior to the License expiration date must not operate unless it first obtains 
a new state license and any required local license. 
1. Reinstatement of Expired Regulated Marijuana Business License. A Regulated Marijuana 
Business that fails to file a renewal application and remit required fees prior to the license 
expiration date may request that the Division reinstate an expired License only in 
accordance to the following: 
a. The Regulated Marijuana Business License expired within the previous 30 days; 
b. The Regulated Marijuana Business License has submitted an initial application 
pursuant to Rule 2-220. The initial application must be submitted prior to, or 
concurrently with, the request for reinstatement; 
c. The Regulated Marijuana Business has paid the reinstatement fee in Rule 2-
140(A); and 
d. Any license or approval from the Local Licensing Authority or Local Jurisdiction is 
still valid or has been obtained. 
2. Reinstatement Not Available for Surrendered or Revoked Licenses. A request for 
reinstatement cannot be submitted and will not be approved for a Regulated Marijuana 
Business License that was surrendered or revoked. 
3. Reinstatement Not Available for Owner Licenses or Employee Licenses. A request for 
reinstatement cannot be submitted and will not be approved for expired, surrendered, or 
revoked Owner Licenses or Employee Licenses. 
4. Denial of Request for Reinstatement or Administrative Action. The request for 
reinstatement may be denied if: 
a. The Licensee requesting reinstatement of a Regulated Marijuana Business 
License operated during a period that the license was expired. The Licensee may 
be subject to administrative action as authorized by the Marijuana Code or these 
Rules. 
b. The Licensee requesting the reinstatement of a Regulated Marijuana Business 
License is a person prohibited from licensure pursuant to section 44-10-307 
C.R.S. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 69 
5. Approval of Request for Reinstatement. Upon approval of any request for reinstatement 
of an expired Regulated Marijuana Business License, the Licensee may resume 
operations until the final agency action on the Licensee’s initial application for a 
Regulated Marijuana Business License. 
a. Approval of a request for reinstatement of an expired Regulated Marijuana 
Business License does not guarantee approval of the Regulated Marijuana 
Business Licensee’s initial application; and 
b. Approval of a request for reinstatement of an expired License does not waive the 
State Licensing Authority’s authority to pursue administrative action on the 
expired License or initial application for a Regulated Marijuana Business License. 
6. Final Agency Order on Initial Application for Regulated Marijuana Business. 
a. If the initial application for a Regulated Marijuana Business License submitted 
pursuant to this Rule is approved, the new Regulated Marijuana Business 
License will replace the reinstated license. 
b. If the initial application for a Regulated Marijuana Business License submitted 
pursuant to this Rule is denied, the Licensee must immediately cease all 
operations including but not limited to, Transfer of Regulated Marijuana. See 
Rule 2-270 – Application Denial and Voluntary Withdrawal; 8-115 – Disposition of 
Unauthorized Regulated Marijuana; 8-130 – Administrative Warrants. 
E. Voluntarily Surrendered or Revoked Licenses Not Eligible for Renewal. Any License that was 
voluntarily surrendered or that was revoked by a Final Agency Order is not eligible for renewal. 
Any Licensee who voluntarily surrendered its license or has had its License revoked by a Final 
Agency Order may only submit an initial application. The State Licensing Authority will consider 
the voluntary surrender or the Final Agency Order and all related facts and circumstances in 
determining approval of any subsequent initial application. 
F. Licenses Subject to Ongoing Administrative Action. Licenses subject to an administrative action 
are subject to the requirements of this Rule. Licenses that are not timely renewed expire and 
cannot be renewed. 
G. Documents Required at Renewal. A Regulated Marijuana Business and all Controlling Beneficial 
Owner-Entities must provide the following documents with every renewal application: 
1. Any document required by Rule 2-220(A)(1) through (9) that has changed since the 
document was last submitted to the Division. 
2. A copy of the Local Licensing Authority or Local Jurisdiction approval, licensure, and/or 
documentation demonstrating timely submission of and pending local license renewal 
application; 
a. The State Licensing Authority may renew a License that has not yet received 
Local Licensing Authority approval prior to the expiration of the state-issued 
License if: 
i. The Applicant submits a renewal application in accordance with this 
Rule; and 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 70 
ii. The Applicant submits written documentation that demonstrates the 
Licensee has taken action to obtain local approval and demonstrates 
why local approval has not yet been obtained or a local license issued. 
3. A list of any sanctions, penalties, assessments, or cease and desist orders imposed by 
any securities regulatory agency, including but not limited to the United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission or the Canadian Securities Administrators; 
4. A Regulated Marijuana Business operating under a single Entity name with more than 
one License may submit the following documents only once each calendar year on the 
first license renewal in lieu of submission with every license renewal in the same calendar 
year: 
a. Financial statements required by Rule 2-220(A)(10); 
b. If the Regulated Marijuana Business is a Publicly Traded Corporation, the most 
recent list of Non-Objecting Beneficial Owners possessed by the Regulated 
Marijuana Business; 
c. A copy of all management agreement(s) the Regulated Marijuana Business has 
entered into regardless of whether the Person is licensed or unlicensed; and 
d. Contracts, agreements, royalty agreements, equipment leases, financing 
agreements, or security contracts for any Indirect Financial Interest Holder that is 
required to be disclosed by Rule 2-230(A)(3). 
G.5. Unified Application Requirements. This paragraph (G.5) shall be effective July 1, 2026. Unified 
Applications are only available to Regulated Marijuana Business Licenses. 
1. Eligibility. An Applicant may submit a Unified Application on behalf of multiple Regulated 
Marijuana Business Licenses with identical Controlling Beneficial Owners, regardless of 
Owner’s Interest held. 
2. Applicants opting to utilize a Unified Application for a renewal application for a Regulated 
Marijuana Business License must provide all documents required by paragraph (G) of 
this Rule for each License included in the Unified Application. Applicants need not 
provide duplicate documentation where a single document applies to more than one 
License included in the Unified Application. 
H. Controlling Beneficial Owner Signature. At least one Controlling Beneficial Owner shall sign the 
renewal application. However, other Controlling Beneficial Owners may be required to sign 
authorizations and/or requests to release information. 
I. Accelerator Program Renewal Application Requirements. 
1. Accelerator License Renewal. Accelerator Cultivator, Accelerator Manufacturer, and 
Accelerator Store Licenses are required to be renewed biennially. In addition to the 
documents and information required to be submitted with a renewal application, an 
Accelerator Licensee must also disclose to the Division copies of any agreements 
between the Accelerator Licensee and the Accelerator-Endorsed Licensee under which it 
operated during the previous License term. 
2. Accelerator-Endorsed Licensee Additional Renewal Requirements. 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 71 
a. An endorsement issued to an Accelerator-Endorsed Licensee is required to be 
renewed biennially. 
b. At the time of submitting a renewal application for the endorsement, an 
Accelerator-Endorsed Licensee must submit the following: 
i. The name and License number of any Accelerator Licensee for which it 
served as an Accelerator-Endorsed Licensee during the previous 
License term; 
ii. The equity assistance proposal if there have been any updates or 
amendments since the proposal was last submitted to the Division; 
iii. Copies of any agreements between the Accelerator-Endorsed Licensee 
and the Accelerator Licensee(s), including the equity partnership 
agreement; and 
iv. Any required Local Jurisdiction approvals. 
c. In addition to any other basis for denial of a renewal application, the State 
Licensing Authority may also consider the following facts and circumstances as 
additional bases for denial of an endorsement renewal application: 
i. The Accelerator-Endorsed Licensee violated the terms of any equity 
partnership agreement it entered into with an Accelerator Licensee; 
ii. The Accelerator-Endorsed Licensee ended the equity partnership 
agreement with an Accelerator Licensee prematurely; and 
iii. The Accelerator-Endorsed Licensee provided false or misleading 
statements, records, or information to an Accelerator Licensee. 
Basis and Purpose – 2-230 
The statutory basis for this rule includes but is not limited to sections 44-10-202(1)(c), 44-10-202(1)(e), 
44-10-203(1)(c), 44-10-203(1)(k), 44-10-203(2)(c), 44-10-203(2)(t), 44-10-203(2)(u), 44-10-203(2)(w), 44-
10-203(2)(ee), 44-10-203(7), 44-10-308, 44-10-309, and 44-10-316, C.R.S. Section 44-10-309, C.R.S., 
establishes varying disclosure requirements for Applicants and Licensees regarding disclosure of 
financial interests and ownership in a Regulated Marijuana Business. The purpose of this rule is to clarify 
information an Applicant or Licensee must disclose to the State Licensing Authority at the various levels, 
which include mandatory disclosure, disclosure in the State Licensing Authority’s discretion, and 
disclosure for reasonable cause. This rule also provides factors that will be considered in determining 
whether a Regulated Marijuana Business exercised reasonable care and whether a Person is in control of 
a Regulated Marijuana Business. 
2-230 – Disclosure of Financial Interests in a Regulated Marijuana Business 
A. Mandatory Disclosures. Information required to be disclosed by section 44-10-309, C.R.S., must 
be identified in every initial, renewal, and change of owner application. Mandatory disclosures 
include, but are not limited: 
1. All Regulated Marijuana Businesses (including Publicly Traded Corporations and Entities 
that are not Publicly Traded Corporations) must disclose an organizational chart including 
the identity and ownership percentages of all Controlling Beneficial Owners; 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 72 
2. All Controlling Beneficial Owners. 
a. For any Controlling Beneficial Owner that is an Entity (including Publicly Traded 
Corporations and entities that are not Publicly Traded Corporations): 
i. The Controlling Beneficial Owner’s Executive Officers; and 
ii. Beneficial Owners of ten percent or more of the Controlling Beneficial 
Owner. 
b. Natural persons: 
i. Name; 
ii. Address; 
iii. Date of birth; 
iv. Social Security Number or other Federal Government-issued 
identification number. 
c. Qualified Private Fund: Organizational chart reflecting the identity and ownership 
percentages of the Qualified Private Fund’s Executive Officers, investment 
advisers, investment adviser representatives, any trustee or equivalent, and any 
other Person that controls the investment in, or management or operations of, a 
Regulated Marijuana Business. 
d. Trust: A copy of any documents required to establish the trust, a certification of 
the trust, and any additional documents necessary to demonstrate the type of 
trust, the identity and age of the trustee and all beneficiaries of the trust. 
3. Any Person that is an Indirect Financial Interest Holder that: 
a. Holds two or more indirect financial interests; 
b. Is also a Passive Beneficial Owner; or 
c. That is contributing debt financing, secured or unsecured, that has not previously 
been disclosed and exceeds fifty percent of the operating capital of the 
Regulated Marijuana Business or if the calculation yields a negative number. 
Operating capital is defined as total current and fixed assets less total liabilities 
(as presented on the balance sheet consistent with the business’s past 
practices), measured as of the nearest month’s end prior to the date of the 
applicable loan document(s). 
B. Discretionary Disclosure. In his or her reasonable discretion, the State Licensing Authority may 
require disclosure following an initial or renewal application for a Regulated Marijuana business 
as follows: 
1. For a Regulated Marijuana Business or a Controlling Beneficial Owner, neither of which 
is a Publicly Traded Corporation, its: 
a. Affiliates; 
b. Beneficial Owners of a Controlling Beneficial Owner; 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 1 CCR 212-3 
Marijuana Enforcement Division 
 73 
2. Qualified Private Fund’s Affiliates; and 
3. Managers of a Controlling Beneficial Owner. 
C. Reasonable Cause Disclosure. An Applicant will be notified by the State Licensing Authority of 
Reasonable Cause to require additional disclosure. The State Licensing Authority’s notification 
will identify the facts and law supporting Reasonable Cause for the disclosure and the deadline 
for disclosure. The following may be required to be disclosed by the State Licensing Authority’s 
notification: 
1. An updated list of all Non-objecting Beneficial Owners in a Publicly Traded Corporation 
that is either a Regulated Marijuana Business or a Controlling Beneficial Owner reflecting 
ownership as of the date of request; 
2. All Passive Beneficial Owners in a Regulated Marijuana Business that is not a Publicly 
Traded Corporation. If the Passive Beneficial Owner is not a natural person, the 
members of the board of directors, general partners, managing members, or Managers or 
Executive Officers and Beneficial Owners of ten percent or more of the Passive 
Beneficial Owner; 
3. A list of all Beneficial Owners of a Qualified Private Fund; 
4. All Indirect Financial Interest Holders of a Regulated Marijuana Business, and, for any 
Indirect Financial Interest Holder that is an Entity, the Beneficial Owners of ten percent or 
more of the Indirect Financial Interest Holder. 
D. Affirmation of Reasonable Care. 
1. Reasonable Care Affirmation for a Regulated Marijuana Business That is Not a Publicly 
Traded Corporation. A Regulated Marijuana Business that is not a Publicly Traded 
Corporation must affirm it exercised reasonable care to confirm its Passive Beneficial 
Owner(s), including any Qualified Institutional Investor(s), and Indirect Financial Interest 
Holder(s) are not Persons prohibited from holding a license under these Rules or the 
Marijuana Code. A Regulated Marijuana Business exercises reasonable care if it: 
a. Receives documentation from each Passive Beneficial Owner, including any 
Qualified Institutional Investor, and each Indirect Financial Interest Holder 
affirming each is not a Person prohibited from holding a license by these Rules or 
the Marijuana Code; and 
b. The Regulated Marijuana Business does not know or reasonably should not 
know facts that would contradict the Passive Beneficial Owner or Indirect 
Financial Interest Holder’s affirmation. 
2. Reasonable Care Affirmation for a Regulated Marijuana Business That is a Publicly 
Traded Corporation. A Regulated Marijuana Business that is a Publicly Traded 
Corporation must affirm it exercised reasonable care to confirm its Passive Beneficial 
Owners, including any Qualified Institutional Investor(s), both of which are Non-Objecting 
Beneficial Owners, and Indirect Financial Interest Holder(s) are not Person prohibited 
from holding a license by these Rules and the Marijuana Code. A Regulated Marijuana 
Business that is a Publicly Traded Corporation exercises reasonable care if it: 
a. At least once every two years, checks a list of its Passive Beneficial Owners, 
including any Qualified Institutional Investor(s), both of which are Non-Objecting 
Beneficial Owners, against the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked 

CODE OF COLORADO REGULATIONS 